README.md, before:

The Swift programming language is highly applicable to writing programs that perform analysis on scientific data. Swift is/has:

* easy to learn and modern syntax 
* runs on Linux, OS X and also iOS
* comes with a free and highly capable IDE (Xcode) on OS X with inbuilt debugger
* a REPL for experimenting with code
* an ecosystem of open-source packages on Github
* the ability to make C function calls inline 
* last but not least, superb performance in compiled form
 
## ScienceKit

ScienceKit is a free Xcode 7.2 project with useful scientific functions and libraries (modules) already built into the project. It presently contains:

**Upsurge** - simple but high-performance SIMD functions for vectors and matrices, digital signal processing and image manipulation

**HDF5Kit** - read and write access to HDF5 files for scientific datasets

**SwiftCSV** - utility for easily reading columns and rows of CSV files

All libraries provided have been built with the Swift version 2.2 snapshot provided by Apple. In order to use the project, you will need to follow the installation instructions at https://swift.org/download/#latest-development-snapshots

Commit message:

Update README to reflect changes to now using a workspace

README.md, after:

The Swift programming language is highly applicable to writing programs that perform analysis on scientific data. Swift is/has:

* easy to learn and modern syntax 
* runs on Linux, OS X and also iOS
* comes with a free and highly capable IDE (Xcode) on OS X with inbuilt debugger
* a REPL for experimenting with code
* an ecosystem of open-source packages on Github
* the ability to make C function calls inline 
* last but not least, superb performance in compiled form
 
## ScienceKit

ScienceKit is a free Xcode 7.2 workspace that contains a number of example projects. Each project demonstrates how to use scientific functions and libraries (modules) available in the project. Projects presently contain:

**Upsurge** - simple but high-performance SIMD functions for vectors and matrices, digital signal processing and image manipulation

**HDF5Kit** - read and write access to HDF5 files for scientific datasets

**SwiftCSV** - utility for easily reading columns and rows of CSV files

All libraries provided have been built with the Swift version 2.2 snapshot provided by Apple. In order to use a project, you will need to follow the installation instructions at https://swift.org/download/#latest-development-snapshots
